Add hardware sizing to the Office documentation (#369)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/conf-examples/office-integration.adoc

Note that it is not mandatory to use and configure both example office application stacks. Configure only the application stacks that you need.

== Hardware Requirements

> With focus on the office container, ONLYOFFICE provides a link with some guidance for hardware requirements depending on concurrent active users when using their community edition and docker, see {onlyoffice_hw_url}[ONLYOFFICE Docs Community Edition for Docker system requirements] for more details. This information can give an estimation without any guarantees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With focus on the office container, ONLYOFFICE provides a link with some guidance for hardware requirements depending on concurrent active users when using their community edition and docker. See {onlyoffice_hw_url}[ONLYOFFICE Docs Community Edition for Docker system requirements] for more details. This information gives estimates without any guarantees.
```
